welcome back everybody this is Nate with
quick - unlock calm I will be going over
how to wipe the password off of a
Motorola Droid - this will more than
likely work on a Droid 1 or 3 also so
please just sit back and pay attention
alright so you're going to want to just
slide the phone open with the phone
fully powered off hold down the X key
along with the power key for around you
know 5 to 10 seconds you should see the
device boot up and then it's going to
boot up into the Android logo and then
you're gonna want to release both of
these well let go of both close the
keyboard fully over here on the right
you see the volume up down and the power
and the camera key at the bottom just go
ahead and click both the volume and
power at the same time alright
comes up and ask you for a couple
options you're going to want to scroll
down to wipe data and factory reset hit
the power on top - are you sure yes all
right
you guys did find this video helpful
please subscribe rate or comment on any
one of my other videos there will be
more to come soon alright it's taking a
little bit of time this could take up to
five minutes depending on the device
one of my next guides are going to be
going over how to route this device as
soon as it boots up fully
alright then you're going to see it's
going to go right back to the main
screen all you I do is click a reboot
now it's going to go through the reboot
process
now when it comes up it should not have
a password or lock code or anything else
on it
going to be taking its sweet time
all right
we should see some activity here in a
second
perfect
skip we're just going to go ahead and
skip a set up for now
I'm not really interested in showing
everybody I'll set it up next
skip set up for now next and here you go
device is fully up and running with no
password thanks for watching please rate
subscribe and vote for anything on our
website again this is Nate over at quick
dash on la comm have a great day